¶¶
¶ I was a girl in the village
doing all right ¶
¶ Then I became
a princess overnight ¶
¶ Now I gotta figure out
how to do it right ¶
¶ So much to learn
and see ¶
¶ Up in the castle
with my new family ¶
¶ In a school that's
just for royalty ¶
¶ A whole enchanted world
is waiting for me ¶
-¶ I'm so excited to be ¶
-¶ Sofia the first ¶
¶ I'm finding out what
being royal's all about ¶
¶ Sofia the First ¶
¶ Making my way ¶
-¶ It's an adventure every day ¶
-¶ Sofia ¶
-¶ It's gonna be my time ¶
¶ To show them all
that I'm Sofia the First ¶
[Sofia reads]
You paying attention,
Princess?
Because inside my hand
is one of the most powerful
Protector tools you'll ever use.
That teeny little key?
This is a Necessi-Key,
and it's a lifesaver.
I can't tell you how many times
I've been running for my life
about to get trampled
by some cyclops,
when I take out
this little number
and instant door!
Amazing!
You can make yourself
a magical door
wherever and whenever
you want!
But it only lasts
a couple of seconds.
Can I try?
Thought you'd never ask!
Before you go through,
you might wanna--!
-Whoa!
-[splashing]
[laughing]
...take a look at what
you're stepping into!
Let me try that again.
Don't worry, Sofia.
Your number-one trainer
will show you how it's done.
Oh, this is ever so unfair!
I'm stuck here with the key
to my escape
so close, but so far!
It's as if
they're taunting me.
[squeaking]
[gasps]
A rat!
[Twitch] Whatcha in for?
A rat that can talk!
That's not all I can do!
What do you think of this?
You like this one?
And check out my favorite!
Ha ha ha!
Who are you,
and what do you want?
I'm Twitch,
and I'm a strangeling,
which means
I can change into any
sneaky little critter
I want. Who are you?
I am Prisma.
Wait a minute!
You can change shape!
Can you turn into something
really tiny?
Oh, yeah, the teeniest!
That's absolutely perfect!
Oh, Twitch, I have
a very big favor to ask of you.
Ask away. I can handle
the biggest favors.
You see that pretty locket
over there
locked up
in that big, mean safe?
Yeah, so?
That's the Locket of Vor,
and it's supposed
to be oh, so powerful.
Its magic might be
powerful enough
to break me out of here!
[Twitch] Mm, it looks like
it's locked up real tight.
It is, but it has
a crystal lock.
My sister and I used to design
crystal locks just like it.
All you need to do is
slip inside the safe's keyhole.
Then I can tell you
how to unlock it.
Why don't I just
unlock your cell?
Ugh! Those
infuriating Protectors
put a metal lock on my cell.
I know nothing
about metal locks.
All right, let's go get
this locket of yours, then.
[Prisma] Inside, you should see
three tiny crystal levers.
Oh, yeah!
They're here.
Push the first one up,
the second one down,
and the last one in.
[tinkling]
[squeaking]
Oh, the Locket of Vor!
Oh, thank you, Twitch!
I promise I'll share
whatever powers it gives me.
At last, I am free.
What powerful creature
has made it so?
Why, that would be me!
But... you have no power.
No need to rub it in!
My power was taken from me!
That's why I need your help
to get out of this tower!
So, go ahead,
work your magic!
I am a piece of jewelry.
I cannot break down walls.
The power I can grant to you
is the power of knowledge.
Go on!
I know where you can find
the Wicked Nine.
The Wicked Nine?!
Are those even real?
Nine powerful magic items
spread across the Mystic Isles
and the EverRealm,
each once used by history's
most devious villains.
That's Jafar's staff!
[gasps] And that's
Ursula's necklace!
There are those who know
where to find one or two
of the Wicked Nine,
but only I know
where to find them all.
And you're going
to tell me, right?
Oh, yes, my dear.
With my help,
you will gather
these precious objects
and bring them to me,
and then we
shall make history.
With a few magic words,
I will harness
all of their power
and give it to you,
a great and mighty
version of you.
Ooh, now that's
a good look for me!
With that kind of power,
I could easily
break out of here!
You will be able
to do far more than that.
Oh, yes! Only...
I can't leave.
I can't get the Wicked Nine.
But your favorite
strangeling can!
Ha ha ha!
[squeaking]
You would do that for me?
Oh, yeah! I've been waiting
for a powerful master
to serve,
and you are it!
Oh, thank you!
Thank you both!
The first of the Wicked Nine
is called the Falcon's Eye.
This gem is hidden
inside a sword
once used
by the wicked warrior Shan Yu
against a hero named Mulan.
The sword can now be found
in the marketplace
of Wei-Ling.
Not for long!
Go, Twitch, go,
and don't come back
without that gem!
Wait! What's
going on here?
The safe's been opened!
The locket!
It's gone!
I don't think she had
anything to do with it.
-[grunts]
-[clanks]
We must alert
the other Protectors!
-Chrysta, Sofia.
-What's up, Chief?
I have bad news to report.
-There's been an escape.
-Not Prisma?!
No. The Locket of Vor.
It's missing.
The locket was sealed up
tight in a safe!
We fear someone
has stolen it
and plans to use it
to track down the Wicked Nine.
What's the Wicked Nine?
Powerful objects
that were once used
by big-time villains.
If all nine
are brought together,
they can give the owner
unspeakable power.
We only know
where some of the nine are.
We're sending Protectors
to stand guard over those
and to catch anyone
who tries to steal them.
Looks like today
I'm gonna show you
how Protectors
catch a bad guy.
Great. So, which one
are we guarding?
The Falcon's Eye
in Wei-Ling.
It's a gem hidden
inside this sword.
I know Wei-Ling!
My friends live there.
Go quickly,
and keep the Falcon's Eye safe.
Is it always
this crowded?
It must be market day.
They hold one here
at the palace once a month.
[gasps] That's
where the sword is!
We found it, all right!
Now we gotta make sure
we catch anyone
who tries to steal it!
[squeaking]
[gasps] They've
got Enchantlets!
They must be Protectors.
Oh, I gotta make sure
they don't spot me.
[squeaking]
[Chrysta] I've seen
pedestals like this
that hold
valuable objects.
They almost always have
some sort of booby trap
built in.
Ah-ha! I knew it!
All we have to do
is set the trap...
And whoever tries to steal
the sword will fall right in!
That's incredible, Chrysta!
[gasps] I know something else
we can do to catch the thief--
ask my friends for help!
Jun! Jin! Over here!
[Chrysta]
What are you doing?
Hi, Sofia.
Sorry.
Where are my manners?
Chrysta, this is
Jun and Jin.
We're on the lookout
for a thief!
-Shh!
-Oh, right.
Someone might be trying to steal
an important jewel, and--
Sofia! You can't just tell
these kids what we're doing!
These aren't just any kids.
They're my friends,
and they might
be able to help.
Yeah, we know everyone
in Wei-Ling.
Thank you, but this is
Protector business.
I don't see how them helping us
could be a bad thing.
Princess? Who here
is the trainee?
Me.
And who is the trainer?
[sighs] You are.
Uh, sorry, guys,
but I think you better go.
Okay. Let us know
if you change your mind.
We're around if you decide
you need help.
Sorry about that, Sofia,
but we gotta stay focused.
Come on. Follow me.
Gather round, everyone!
Who is this character?
That's Kai. He's one
of my friends, too.
Time for a one-panda
dance party. Go Kai! Go Kai!
Of course he is.
Now's my chance!
Go Kai! Go Kai!
Ah-ha! Princess, I found us
the perfect hiding spot.
It offers plenty of cover
so we won't be seen,
and it's got a great view
of the sword
so we can see
who's coming and going.
Go Kai! Go Kai!
That is, it would've
been a great view
if it wasn't being blocked
by a dancing panda!
I'll go ask him to move.
Oh, and Princess,
please don't invite him
to help us.
I won't,
I promise.
Go Kai! Go Kai!
Hi, Kai!
Nice dance moves.
Princess Sofia!
Oh, how I have missed you!
Mwah mwah mwah.
Oh... thanks.
I missed you, too.
It's just right now
my friend Chrysta and I
are doing
a little project...
Ooh, what kind of project?
Um, I can't really
tell you right now.
But maybe I can ¶ help ¶.
Uh, I'm sure you could,
but the thing is...
It's something we need
to do on our own.
And if you could dance
just a little to the side...
over there... that would
really help us out.
I can do that...
and keep a beat
at the same time!
Thanks, Kai,
you're the best.
Later, Sofia!
I love market day!
So many people!
So many dances
to do for them!
That's right, don't get help
from that dancing fool.
[chuckles] The less people
on the lookout for me,
the better.
[squeaks]
Don't worry, I didn't
tell Kai anything
about protecting
the Wicked Nine,
and we should have
a clear view now.
Look!
Let's go!
Now, let's see
who our jewel thief is.
-A skunk!
-[chitters]
You don't think it could be
trying to steal the sword?
No, but as you
can see, Sofia,
there are always surprises
when you're on a job.
That was a close one.
I gotta create
some kind of diversion
so I can do
my sneaking in peace.
Chrysta, what should we
be keeping an eye out for?
Some kind of wicked wizard
or warrior,
and probably wearing
the stolen Locket of Vor.
So, they're looking for
a bad guy wearing a locket.
I think I can
give them that.
[squeaking]
Rings! Bracelets!
Lockets!
All the finest quality!
Finest quality?
Not so sure about that,
but they'll do.
[squeaking]
[sniffing]
Just keep
your eyes peeled,
and if a thief shows up,
we'll be ready!
[gasps] Sofia, look!
He's wearing a locket!
And he's headed
toward the sword!
Stop that man!
He's a thief!
Hold it right there!
[gasps] Emperor Quon?
Ah, Princess Sofia,
how nice to see you.
Oh, I'm so sorry
to bother you, Emperor Quon.
I didn't recognize you.
Please, do not apologize!
I always enjoy a quiet walk
through the market.
You never know
what you will come across.
Why, just now, I have found
this beautiful medallion
on the ground,
and you know what they say
about finding medallions
on the ground--
hang them from your neck
and enjoy many compliments.
It's lovely.
Well, I'm off to enjoy
the many compliments
coming my way.
Sorry! False alarm!
Nothing to see here.
Move along.
Hmm. A rat holding a gem.
You don't see that every day.
And you really don't see
that every day.
[panting] Okay.
Flying out of here
with this heavy gem
is not gonna work.
Good thing I got
a million other plans.
[chittering]
There is no way
the Emperor
could be trying
to steal the gem.
We made
a mistake, Chrysta.
Maybe, or somebody wanted us
to think he was the thief
so we would be distracted
while they-- [gasps]
Someone's tampered with it!
Did they get the gem?
Yes! And I don't see
any footprints,
just animal tracks!
Well, that's
because an animal took it.
[laughing]
It was the craziest thing!
A rat running around
with a gem?
Why didn't you stop him?!
Huh? Was I supposed to?
Yes! That's the whole reason
we're here!
To stop a jewel thief!
Well, I didn't
know that.
I was going to tell you,
but my trainer wouldn't let me.
Well, all right,
maybe I should've listened
to you about that.
Tell us more
about this rat!
Ooh. He had
a cool diamond pattern
on his chest.
[gasps] We saw the same thing
on that skunk!
And he still had it
when he turned into
a bat and flew away.
The rat turned
into a bat?
Uh-huh.
And it was probably
that skunk, too!
I think we got ourselves
a strangeling!
-A what?
-Ugh.
It's a nasty little critter
from the Mystic Isles.
It can change
into different animals.
Which way did it go, Kai?
That way.
A strangeling is going
to be impossible to find!
It could be anywhere!
Or anything.
Well, maybe if I get
my friends, we could--
Ah, never mind. Forget it.
Now, Sofia, I should be
listening to you.
I thought
since I was the trainer,
I could be the only one
with good ideas,
but it's time
to listen to yours.
In fact, you wanna
help us, big guy?
Absolutely.
What's the plan?
-Sofia?
-Let's start by getting
more backup.
Okay, does everyone
know their part?
I search the gardens
while you search the market.
And I give Kai
an overhead view.
And if anyone sees
an animal holding a gem...
Give a shout
and alert the others!
Right! That means
we all gotta listen up!
[chittering]
¶ It's time to stop a thief ¶
¶ From dishing out the grief ¶
¶ So keep an eye out,
yeah, yeah ¶
¶ Keep an eye out ¶
He's over there!
[Chrysta]
¶ I finally learned the truth ¶
¶ We work better as a group ¶
¶ So keep an eye out,
yeah, yeah ¶
¶ Keep an eye out ¶
Look! By the plum blossoms!
¶ I'm guessing
this here strangeling ¶
¶ Didn't realize
he'd be tangling ¶
¶ With a team of friends ¶
[shrieks]
¶ Gonna get that gem ¶
He turned
into a rat!
¶ Listen up to what friends
say, say, say ¶
¶ Together we can save
the day, day, day ¶
-¶ We've got him five
to one, one, one ¶
-Over there!
¶ His dealing days
are done, done, done ¶
¶ If we just listen up ¶
¶ If we listen up ¶
He's in the market!
¶ The tips are coming fast ¶
¶ This critter
is outclassed ¶
¶ Stay on the lookout,
yeah, yeah ¶
¶ On the lookout ¶
[all] ¶ We're on the lookout ¶
[Chrysta]
¶ He could turn into a bat ¶
¶ But he'll always be a rat ¶
¶ So keep an eye out,
yeah, yeah ¶
¶ Keep an eye out ¶
[all] ¶ Keep an eye out ¶
¶ I'm guessing
this here strangeling ¶
¶ Didn't realize
he'd be tangling ¶
¶ With a team of friends ¶
[shrieks]
¶ Gonna get that gem ¶
Go, Sofia, go!
[all] ¶ Listen up
to what friends say, say, say ¶
¶ Together we can save
the day, day, day ¶
¶ We've got him five
to one, one, one ¶
¶ His dealing days
are done, done, done ¶
[Chrysta]
¶ If we just listen up ¶
[all] ¶ If we listen up ¶
¶ We gotta listen up ¶
[all] ¶ So listen up ¶
¶ Listen up ¶
Stop! Give back that gem.
Yeah, that's not
gonna happen!
It's too tall!
I can't--
Yes, I can!
You think you can stop me?
I'm the greatest,
the fastest, the best--
Down the alley!
[shrieks]
No!
Ha! Got it.
Who are you?
Apparently not
the greatest or the fastest,
but I am the sneakiest!
Ha ha ha ha!
Come back!
You got the gem!
Yes, but the rat
got away
with the Necessi-Key!
[sighs] That's not good.
[sighs] But the important thing
is we have the gem, right?
Right, and at least now
we know who's after
the Wicked Nine.
Chrysta, I think we
should take this
to the other Protectors
for safekeeping.
That's a very good idea,
Trainee.
Thank you, Trainer.
Let's get going.
Bye, Sofia!
Thanks for your help!
We mean it!
Bye, Chrysta!
How could you get my hopes up
and then return without the gem?
Prisma, when life
closes a window,
sometimes it
opens a door.
[gasps] Is that--
a Necessi-Key?
Only the shiniest,
best Necessi-Key
you've ever seen!
At last!
I'm free!
Yes, free to realize
your true potential,
to gather the Wicked Nine
and gain unlimited power.
Yes, and not even
that pesky Princess Sofia
will be able to stop me!
[Twitch chitters]
I don't understand!
Now Prisma escaped
from the Terrible Tower?
We believe she may be
behind the Locket of Vor's
disappearance.
And behind the creature
we saw trying to steal
the Falcon's Eye?
Yes, but thanks to you,
it is now safe with us.
Maybe we should bring
the other Wicked Nine objects
back here, too,
at least the ones
we know where to find.
That is
an excellent idea, Sofia.
My trainee has lots
of great ideas,
and from now on, I'm going
to listen to every one of them.
Protectors, go forth
and retrieve
the Wicked Nine.
Bring back as many of them
as you can find.
Sofia, we have
some work to do.
Let's go!
¶¶
[chirping]